feat: dismiss validations (#5756)
lightdash/lightdash: docs/docs/guides/validating-your-content.mdx

- **Tables** - errors in tables are caused when dimensions or metrics that have been deleted or renamed but are still referenced in other places in the table.
- **Charts** - errors in charts are caused when the results table or filters reference a metric or dimension which no longer exists.
- **Dashboards** - errors in dashboards are caused when a chart is broken in the dashboard or a filter references a metric or dimension which no longer exists.

## How to dismiss errors 

> You can dismiss errors from validation by clicking on the "x" button that appears after hovering the row on the validation table. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can dismiss errors from validation by clicking on the "x" button that appears when you hover over a row on the validation table. 
```
